Create HTTP2 Reset Attack.md (#960)
OWASP/www-community: pages/attacks/HTTP2 Reset Attack.md

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: HTTP/2 Reset Attack
author: Vaibhav Malik
tags: [attacks, application, web]
permalink: /attacks/HTTP2_Reset_Attack

---

{% include writers.html %}

## Description

> HTTP/2 is the latest version of the HTTP protocol, designed to improve 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP/2 is an iteration of the HTTP protocol, designed to improve 
```
